#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
absl-py==0.12.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
argon2-cffi==20.1.0
    # via notebook
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
async-generator==1.10
    # via nbclient
attrs==21.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   visions
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
bleach==3.3.0
    # via nbconvert
bottleneck==1.3.2
    # via visions
cachetools==4.2.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2021.5.30
    # via requests
cffi==1.14.5
    # via argon2-cffi
chardet==4.0.0
    # via requests
click==8.0.1
    # via nltk
cloudpickle==1.6.0
    # via shap
cycler==0.10.0
    # via matplotlib
decorator==4.4.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   networkx
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
emoji==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
entrypoints==0.3
    # via nbconvert
flatbuffers==1.12
    # via tensorflow
gast==0.4.0
    # via tensorflow
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.4
    # via tensorboard
google-auth==1.31.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
grpcio==1.34.1
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h5py==3.1.0
    # via tensorflow
htmlmin==0.1.12
    # via pandas-profiling
idna==2.10
    # via requests
imagehash==4.2.0
    # via visions
ipykernel==5.5.5
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
    #   traitlets
ipython==7.24.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipywidgets==7.6.3
    # via jupyter
jedi==0.18.0
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.0.1
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   pandas-profiling
joblib==1.0.1
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   phik
    #   scikit-learn
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via nbformat
jupyter-client==6.1.12
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.4.0
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==4.7.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.1.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==1.0.0
    # via ipywidgets
keras-nightly==2.5.0.dev2021032900
    # via tensorflow
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via tensorflow
kiwisolver==1.3.1
    # via matplotlib
llvmlite==0.36.0
    # via numba
markdown==3.3.4
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via jinja2
matplotlib-inline==0.1.2
    # via ipython
matplotlib==3.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   missingno
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   phik
    #   seaborn
missingno==0.4.2
    # via pandas-profiling
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
multimethod==1.4
    # via visions
nbclient==0.5.3
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==6.0.7
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.1.3
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.1
    # via nbclient
networkx==2.5.1
    # via visions
nltk==3.6.2
    # via -r requirements.in
notebook==6.4.0
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   widgetsnbextension
numba==0.53.1
    # via shap
numpy==1.19.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bottleneck
    #   h5py
    #   imagehash
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   matplotlib
    #   missingno
    #   numba
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pandas
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   phik
    #   pywavelets
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   shap
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   visions
oauthlib==3.1.1
    # via requests-oauthlib
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
packaging==20.9
    # via bleach
pandas-profiling==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pandas==1.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   phik
    #   seaborn
    #   shap
    #   visions
pandocfilters==1.4.3
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.2
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
phik==0.11.2
    # via pandas-profiling
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==8.2.0
    # via
    #   imagehash
    #   matplotlib
    #   visions
plotly==4.14.3
    # via -r requirements.in
prometheus-client==0.11.0
    # via notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.18
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
protobuf==3.17.3
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pydantic==1.8.2
    # via pandas-profiling
pygments==2.9.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab-pygments
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.17.3
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2021.1
    # via pandas
pywavelets==1.1.1
    # via imagehash
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via pandas-profiling
pyzmq==22.1.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.1.0
    # via jupyter
qtpy==1.9.0
    # via qtconsole
regex==2021.4.4
    # via nltk
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
retrying==1.3.3
    # via plotly
rsa==4.7.2
    # via google-auth
scikit-learn==0.24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   shap
scipy==1.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   imagehash
    #   missingno
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   phik
    #   scikit-learn
    #   seaborn
    #   shap
seaborn==0.11.1
    # via
    #   missingno
    #   pandas-profiling
send2trash==1.5.0
    # via notebook
shap==0.39.0
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   absl-py
    #   argon2-cffi
    #   astunparse
    #   bleach
    #   cycler
    #   google-auth
    #   google-pasta
    #   grpcio
    #   imagehash
    #   jsonschema
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   plotly
    #   protobuf
    #   python-dateutil
    #   retrying
    #   tensorflow
slicer==0.0.7
    # via shap
tangled-up-in-unicode==0.1.0
    # via
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   visions
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.0
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard==2.5.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-estimator==2.5.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
termcolor==1.1.0
    # via tensorflow
terminado==0.10.1
    # via notebook
testpath==0.5.0
    # via nbconvert
threadpoolctl==2.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.61.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nltk
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   shap
traitlets==5.0.5
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
typing-extensions==3.7.4.3
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   tensorflow
urllib3==1.26.5
    # via requests
visions[type_image_path]==0.7.1
    # via pandas-profiling
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
werkzeug==2.0.1
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.36.2
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
widgetsnbextension==3.5.1
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via tensorflow

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
