#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
absl-py==0.12.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
cachetools==4.2.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2021.5.30
    # via requests
chardet==4.0.0
    # via requests
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   nltk
    #   sacremoses
emoji==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.0.12
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
flask-httpauth==4.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-httpauth
flatbuffers==1.12
    # via tensorflow
gast==0.4.0
    # via tensorflow
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.4
    # via tensorboard
google-auth==1.31.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
grpcio==1.34.1
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
h5py==3.1.0
    # via tensorflow
huggingface-hub==0.0.8
    # via transformers
idna==2.10
    # via requests
itsdangerous==2.0.1
    # via flask
jinja2==3.0.1
    # via flask
joblib==1.0.1
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   sacremoses
    #   scikit-learn
keras-nightly==2.5.0.dev2021032900
    # via tensorflow
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via tensorflow
langdetect==1.0.9
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown==3.3.4
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via jinja2
nltk==3.6.2
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.19.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   h5py
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   transformers
oauthlib==3.1.1
    # via requests-oauthlib
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
packaging==20.9
    # via transformers
pandas==1.2.4
    # via -r requirements.in
protobuf==3.17.3
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via packaging
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via pandas
pytz==2021.1
    # via pandas
regex==2021.4.4
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   sacremoses
    #   transformers
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
    #   transformers
rsa==4.7.2
    # via google-auth
sacremoses==0.0.45
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==0.24.2
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   absl-py
    #   astunparse
    #   google-auth
    #   google-pasta
    #   grpcio
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   langdetect
    #   protobuf
    #   python-dateutil
    #   sacremoses
    #   tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.0
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard==2.5.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-estimator==2.5.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
termcolor==1.1.0
    # via tensorflow
threadpoolctl==2.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.10.3
    # via transformers
tqdm==4.61.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   sacremoses
    #   transformers
transformers==4.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==3.7.4.3
    # via tensorflow
urllib3==1.26.5
    # via requests
werkzeug==2.0.1
    # via
    #   flask
    #   tensorboard
wheel==0.36.2
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via tensorflow

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
